cell 1:
imports the pandas library and loads the learner_perfomance_pre.cv into a variable df_za.
the command "df_za.info()" displays the information of the dataframe.

cell 2:
loads the dummy data into a variable df_les,
the command "df_les.info()" displays the info about the dataframe

cell 3:
calculates the sum of null values in every column of the df_za dataframe

cell 4:
calculates the sum of null values in every column of the df_les dataframe

cell 5:
adds a country column to the df_za dataframe

cell 6:
adds a country column to the df_les dataframe

cell 7:
first attempt to merge the two dataframes under the presumption that data types match, unfortunately for me, python throws an error

cell 8:
checks the datatype of the df_za "age" column

cell 9:
attempt to convert the df_za "exam_score" column to "float", unfortunately throws an exception due to a single string type in the data.

cell 10:
locates the row in the dataframe where the value is "eighty" and displays that row

cell 11:
uses the `loc` method of df_za dataframe to locate the row and update the value to 80.0, which is float type and not string

cell 12:
converts the columns "age", "classes_attended", and "total_classes" to integer datatype,
converts the "exam_score" column to float datatype. Now the previous exception is no longer encountered.
"df_za.info()" displays the dataframe information and we can see that the columns have changed the datatype 

cell 13:
"df_les.info()" displays the dataframe information 

cell 14:
converts the "age", "classes_attended", and "total_classes" columns to int datatype, as seen previously they were of float type.

cell 15:
locates the row with the missing exam_score

cell 16:
updates the exam_score for the row to zero
manually calculates the average of the exam_score dataframe,
sets the exam_score of the located row to the average exam_score, rounded off
finally, displays the row to see if it was updated 

cell 17:
locates the row with missing value in the gender in the df_za dataframe, and shows the row

cell 18:
uses an aggregate operation, "groupby" to see the count of genders in the df_za dataframe. 

cell 19:
sets the value "Male" to the row with a missing gender value, and then checks if there are any null values in the columns. as you we can see none null values are there.

cell 20:
checks for duplicate rows in the df_za dataframe, and displays the duplicate rows.
uses the attribute "keep=False" so that we can see all duplicated rows, from first appearence to last

cell 21:
removes the duplicated value and keeps the first occurance.

cell 22:
displays the dataframe and we can see that the last row was indeed removed from the dataframe.

cell 23:
writes the cleaned learner_perfomance_pre data to a new csv file.

cell 24:
calculates the sum of null values in every column of the df_les dataframe

cell 25:
locates and displays the columns with missing exam_score values

cell 26:
fills in the the columns with misisng values with the average using the "fillna" method.
checks if there are any null values in the exam_score column

cell 27:
displays the exam_score values of the first three rows that had missing exam_score values that were filled using the average.

cell 28:
aggregate operation that shows the gender count of the df_les dataframe.

cell 29:
fills in the missing values in the gender column with "Female"

cell 30:
sets the average age to columns to where the age value is missing.
sets the average class attendance to the columns where the class attendance is missing.

cell 31:
displays the ds_les column information after data transformation

cell 32:
writes the cleaned lesotho data to a new csv file.

cell 33:
displays the column data types of each dataframe, to see if they are the same 

cell 34:
merges the two dataframes into a new dataframe called "df"

cell 35:
transforms the gender column into a numerical categoriocal data type, 1 representing males, 0 representing females
displays the df dataframe

cell 36:
transforms the completion status column into a categorical data type, 1 represents completed, o represents not completed

cell 37:
computes the total count of each gender in the df dataframe

cell 38:
calculates the completion status based on gender, this is done using an aggregate operation using the groupby method.

cell 39:
creates a new column in the dataframe called attendance_rate that computes the attendance_rate percentage

cell 40:
shows the total number of learners who completed a degree by gender.

cell 41:
writes the cleaned df dataframe to a new csv file.